not really and usually we start
today's release of a big test drive
was
start my on the training ground where
future motorists are trying to learn
perform complex maneuvers in particular
parking in reverse their so-called
parallel parking that is
get to know a beautiful student
which is already on our eyes well minutes
30 trying to accomplish this maneuver
hello what is your name natasha and who
how much do you already learn well
some can not risk that tanks and
where is your instructor and he you just
threw one in the car but he told you
showed difficult reception
please tell me but the hardest thing is with
terms of maneuvers of some kind
car controls nothing at all
I don't have a hard time
it turns out actually parallel
parking like nothing fail
fail 9 times please tell me
such a question what car will be
your first car after
you again for four night sports
cooper roadster so much so why
what caused this choice
this is a very beautiful car or you
they gave it myself bought let's say a
how old are you and you know what
women don't ask questions but seriously
but approximately what are you doing ?
just automotive truth not you just
car program shoot
testing the car here decided everything
how to diversify our favorite
clear and how much more do you need to learn
how much is right right yet did not know
suffer after another right to learn
automat
and you are now studying mechanics but you
not scary driving and back
I thank you very much but all the luck for yourself yes
so here is the first car of the girl
you will have this car
remember i had i remember first how
him what car learned and right
received on cars Muscovite 412
then there was a car Volga gas 3110 UAZ
469 but also first owning it
there was a car VAZ 2108 yes here and so
Muscovites live
write how you live and and and and and whether
you give your girlfriend who called
Natasha
as a first car
bmw z4